Fix links into Audit with Falco section (#15958)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/debug-application-cluster/audit.md

1. Create a [kubeconfig file](/docs/concepts/configuration/organize-cluster-access-kubeconfig/) for the [kube-apiserver][kube-apiserver] webhook audit backend.

>         cat <<EOF > /etc/kubernetes/audit-webhook-kubeconfig

Reviewer: _mini-nit_
This loses the formatting as Bourne-style shell. Ideally: fix the Markdown and retain the code formatting.

Author: Just used the same style the logstash conf uses which renders it. For some reason the other styles didn't render so I had to use this one.

The final class of rules simply displays any Audit Event received by Falco. This rule is disabled by default, as it can be quite noisy.

> For further details refer to the this [Falco documentation page][falco_ka_docs].

Reviewer: Since you're doing fixes, how about:
```suggestion
For further details, see [Kubernetes Audit Events][falco_ka_docs] in the Falco documentation.
```

(`the this` is definitely not right in the original).

Reviewer: BTW the changes
/lgtm

this feedback is about optional extra things to fix.
